Replica deregister on shutdown (#2940)
Sovereign-Labs/sovereign-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# 2026-06-03

> - #PR_NUMBER Preferred sequencer: replica nodes now deregister from the `nodes` table on graceful shutdown, so node discovery reroutes reads off a departing replica within milliseconds instead of waiting for staleness. Best-effort and bounded; leader removal is unchanged (still timeout-based).

Author: ```suggestion
- #2940 Preferred sequencer: replica nodes now deregister from the `nodes` table on graceful shutdown, so node discovery reroutes reads off a departing replica within milliseconds instead of waiting for staleness. Best-effort and bounded; leader removal is unchanged (still timeout-based).
```
